when I admit I'm a mystic and believe that the Minotaur sounds more lost than terrifying , oh
           dear sweet rosary?

           I will go with you anywhere! I will go with your sets of incantations and beach balls, I will go
with you especially
to the places with tusks see your cape-horn hardness, your shiny rivers

there are fish here, for one thing, shivering through the winter

they will see you have shaved your head and denounce all worldly possessions
   possibly you've been sitting under that tree for ages 贊嘆 ! a river of branches casts curvey tattoos
there you will sit some more        maybe wait for a Bodhi bird and
did you know that tonight at a party on the ninth
floor Suzanne Slagerman gave me advice on how to get pregnant? she told me all about how she
gave her heart to a jasmine man who occasions her dreams he took her heart              put it in
his pocket
      wears it as a bulge     she said

if we were intimate every day for three months and after, I spin around like a circus performer or
a matador

       if we do this: it is likely there will become children

                                                   seeing as it’s from Suzanne I'm
inclined to follow this advice because she’s got the biggest loft on Bond Street you’ll ever ever !
count the days as though they were ave marias!
transform my body into a garden of apples

         into a garden of betrayal and salvation
                   into a seventh-wonder         a place to fix things up, make costumes

you can be Joseph:
                        save me from stoning like the television special on Bethlehem I saw in
middle school
                        so I can ride the pony

you can be Gabriel:
                        he probably wore great heavenly silk-colors
                        like the Dalai Lama entourage on PBS (but with wings)
           the flag bathed in whistle-yak ocean-butter

                         Angel horn and darkest joyful Gabriel!
Gabriel! take down your red curtain and forgive the bulls
Gabriel! each of your teeth become something that happens in the hands as they pray
   quietly after the newscast, fish-bones kneeling behind an empty father's chair
the silent words full of grace

get toast     tomorrow morning            saying:
blessed is the fruit on this fine yoghurt         I have wings and

one has already eaten the other
it walks the way the Minotaur walks

uneven for heaven's sake and Pasiphaë the daughter of the sunshine who

just couldn't get enough

        dressed
inside a wooden steed wheeled to the stables positioned
        impossibly (Oh Minos!) so the deed of your conception took place

                        Might I ask you to eat the sheep and fish on my Friday-plate?
       You can feed me grapes or whatever things you feel comfortable
       if I keep up this method that involves being head over heels for you, even on a sofa
       beads in my mouth this suggests I am a flying creature or a wooden cow
                          it's unforgivable cows don't have heels too
